


2. BUSINESS OBJECTIVES
  A. Healthcare Impact & Clinical Adoption
       Improve brain tumor diagnostic accuracy using better training data for AI models
       Lower diagnostic time and expenses in clinical settings with reliable automated analysis
       Increase patient outcomes by early detection and precise treatment planning
  B. Scalability & Growth
       Develop techniques for greater medical imaging domains
       Create a platform for ongoing dataset maintenance and expansion
       Create an ecosystem of tools and services built on the core dataset
  C. Expand Global Access to Precision Diagnostics
       To enhance access to brain tumor diagnosis in low-resource locations, use AI techniques trained on BRISC.

3. BUSINESS SUCCESS CRITERIA
    A. Accuracy 
         Aim for at least 90% accuracy when classifying brain MRI scans into the different categories: Healthy, Glioma, Meningioma, and Pituitary Adenoma.
    B.Time Efficiency 
         Process each scan and generate a full analysis report, including detection, classification, and visualization outputs, in under 5 minutes.
    C.Usability
         The system interface shall be designed for intuitive operation, enabling personnel without a medical background to process scans and generate reports effectively

6. CONSTRAINTS.
    The brAIniac system is limited to the analysis of MRI brain scans only.
    The brain tumor classification is restricted to Glioma, Meningioma, and Pituitary Adenoma only.
    The system will use Grad-MAP heatmaps to further illustrate the seriousness of the tumor.
    The brAIniac will ensure transparency in reporting tumor detection, classification and risk assessment therefore the transparency in how risk levels are determined is non-negotiable.
    The system will not predict how long a patient will live, it is limited to analyzing MRI brain scans and classifying the seriousness of brain tumors.
    The brAIniac system is not going to replace medical professionals but to support and help them in medical decision-making.
